it's a
he became solace when I just took that
pony and just changed it like that
because because the pony took the girl
and the mother and and just did this
really just when it's over so I took the
pony and he became so interested he
stayed for the entire three days he just
World Championships prospector
scheme and he paid for that and he's a
change kid never fooled around with
horses but he was a natural leader so
when he stepped into the horse that
works just because he sent out the
proper energy and he knew nothing about
the horse and it's mine and he had not
participated in the theory that it he
just had it here and I've seen that many
many many times how someone who is
memmer's working animal cell but they
are naturally very cause they get
stressed us and say that they're
dominant and they're they're very you
know the animal feels very safe and
secure with that person they send acid
it is a very very good ways teaching
leadership is useless because either our
leader or you know because if you do not
send out the proper energy the dog or
the horse will not work properly but not
every people is a leader and you say
everybody can do this yes if they if
they really really want to be a leader
if you really really want to
yes
yeah
Genoa the one at the rock
it's pretty learning very much to
control away from the ground what are
you learning to have the respect of the
horse
always before I thought I should wait
and see that the horse wanted to do yeah
and it's the other way around
what do you think it's deafening as a
teacher you're very good maybe a little
bit this man really runs over you but
you understand what he means when he do
it with you the girl wrote if you have a
problem with riding your horse go to
Stefan's courses and learn the right way
to do it
look at that he stays as far away from
her as possible